Remove slate buttons that aren't relevant to the introduction block (#1)
kitconcept/volto-introduction-block: CHANGELOG.md

# kitconcept's volto-introduction-block Release Notes

### Feature

> - Add filter to use custom list of toolbar buttons in slate settings @danlavrz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable the heading and blockquote buttons in the Slate editor toolbar for the introduction block. @danlavrz
```
